feat(targets): Failover targets for 3.12 (#2772)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/gateway/failover-targets.md

<!-- used on /gateway/entities/upstream/ and /gateway/entities/targets/ -->

> You can set `failover: true` to indicate that a Target should be used as a failover (backup) Target in case the other, regular targets (`failover: false`) associated with an Upstream are unhealthy. The failover Target is only used when *all** regular Targets are unhealthy. Only the [latency](/gateway/entities/upstream/#latency), [least-connections](/gateway/entities/upstream/#least-connections), and [round-robin](/gateway/entities/upstream/#round-robin) load balancing algorithms use failover Targets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set `failover: true` to indicate that a Target should be used as a failover (backup) Target in case the other, regular targets (`failover: false`) associated with an Upstream are unhealthy. The failover Target is only used when *all** regular Targets are unhealthy. 
Failover Targets are supported by the [latency](/gateway/entities/upstream/#latency), [least-connections](/gateway/entities/upstream/#least-connections), and [round-robin](/gateway/entities/upstream/#round-robin) load balancing algorithms. 
```
Rephrased from "only these algorithms support this" to sound a bit less negative.

> You can set `failover: true` to indicate that a Target should be used as a failover (backup) Target in case the other, regular targets (`failover: false`) associated with an Upstream are unhealthy. The failover Target is only used when *all** regular Targets are unhealthy. Only the [latency](/gateway/entities/upstream/#latency), [least-connections](/gateway/entities/upstream/#least-connections), and [round-robin](/gateway/entities/upstream/#round-robin) load balancing algorithms use failover Targets. 

Author: Fixed this in my latest commit!

<!-- used on /gateway/entities/upstream/ and /gateway/entities/targets/ -->
You can set `failover: true` to indicate that a Target should be used as a failover (backup) Target in case the other, regular targets (`failover: false`) associated with an Upstream are unhealthy. The failover Target is only used when *all* regular Targets are unhealthy. You can set one or multiple failover Targets for an Upstream. 

> Failover Targets are supported by the [latency](/gateway/entities/upstream/#latency), [least-connections](/gateway/entities/upstream/#least-connections), and [round-robin](/gateway/entities/upstream/#round-robin) load balancing algorithms. If you set failover Targets for Upstreams with the [consistent-hashing](/gateway/entities/upstream/#consistent-hashing) or [sticky session](/gateway/entities/upstream/#sticky-sessions) load balancing algorithms they *won't* be used for regular load balancing or as a failover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failover Targets are supported by the [latency](/gateway/entities/upstream/#latency), [least-connections](/gateway/entities/upstream/#least-connections), and [round-robin](/gateway/entities/upstream/#round-robin) load balancing algorithms. 

{:.info}
> **Note**: If you set failover Targets for Upstreams with the [consistent-hashing](/gateway/entities/upstream/#consistent-hashing) or [sticky session](/gateway/entities/upstream/#sticky-sessions) load balancing algorithms, they *won't* be used for regular load balancing or as a failover.
```
Just saw this; splitting it out as a note as the limitation gets kind of lost in the paragraph.
